Fixes #7514 - Updates about_Operators (#7515)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Operators.md

### Unary Operators

> Use unary (`++`,`--`) operators to increment or decrement variables or object
> properties. For example, to increment the variable `$a` from `9` to `10`, you
> type `$a++`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the unary `++`  and `--` operators to increment or decrement values and
`-` for negation. For example, to increment the variable `$a` from `9` to 
`10`, you type `$a++`.

For more information, see [about_Arithmetic_Operators](about_Arithmetic_Operators.md).
```
